ko: clarify binding plugins (#6131)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/konnect/kongpluginbinding.md

You can refer to the Custom Resource [API](/operator/reference/custom-resources/#kongpluginbinding) to see all the available fields.

{:.info}

> > **Note:** `KongPluginBinding` models Konnect's Plugin API 1:1, so it only supports Kong entities such as Service, Route, Consumer, and Consumer Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `KongPluginBinding` models {{ site.konnect_short_name }}'s Plugin API 1:1, so it only supports Kong entities such as Service, Route, Consumer, and Consumer Group.
```

> To attach a plugin to an `HTTPRoute`, see the supported methods in [this guide](/operator/dataplanes/how-to/configure-plugins-for-httproute/).

## Using an unmanaged `KongPluginBinding`

You can directly create a `KongPluginBinding` to bind your plugin to a {{ site.konnect_short_name }} entity.

> For an end-to-end tutorial, see [Enable a Plugin with {{ site.operator_product_name_short }}](/operator/konnect/crd/gateway/plugin/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an end-to-end tutorial, see [Enable a plugin with {{ site.operator_product_name_short }}](/operator/konnect/crd/gateway/plugin/).
```
